Weekly Submission #1
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Problem 854 A - Fractions

Submission link: http://codeforces.com/contest/854/submission/42357446

Explanation: 
The problem asks us to create a program in which we input an integer which later outputs a fraction in which the sum of the numerator and denominator equals to the number inserted. The numerator and denominator must be coprime numbers (no positive
common divisors except 1)

My solution to this problem is by performing operations depending on the number. First, I create two variables 'a' (the numerator) 
and 'b' (the denominator). I set the value for both variables as 99 for placeholder/temporary purposes. Then we go through an ```if-else``` statement depending whether the number is even or odd.

If the number is even, we get the numerator by dividing the original number by 2 and then subtracting it by 1 ```(a = (num/2)-1)```.
The denominator is then obtained by dividing the number by 2 and then adding it by 1 ```(b = (num/2)+1)```. In most cases, the numerator
and denominator generated by an even number are even.
  example: ```36 -> 16 18 || 50 -> 24 26```

But we're looking for coprime numbers, so I added another operation for the numerator and denominator. The program will go to 
"if" statements if the numerator and denominator are even. The numerator is subtracted by 1 (to make them odd/coprime) and the denominator is added by 1 (to make both numbers have differing factors/GCD). That's it for prime numbers!

As for odd numbers, it's much more simple and straightforward. We get the numerator by dividing the number by 2 (it's an integer
variable, so we only get an integer value rather than a float/double -> ```13/2 == 6 || a = (num / 2))```. We need both numbers to have different prime factors/GCD. The denominator is obtained by adding the numerator value by 1 ```(b = a + 1)```.

------------------------------------------
Problem 912 A - Tricky Alchemy

Submission link: http://codeforces.com/contest/912/submission/42445771

Explanation:
In this problem, we are tasked to create a program to estimate how much crystals Grisha needs to create the amount of colored (magical?) balls she needs. 

There are two types of crystals Grisha needs: YELLOW and BLUE.
As for the balls, those crystals can be combined to make YELLOW, GREEN, and BLUE balls.

```YELLOW balls``` require 2 ```YELLOW crystals```

```GREEN balls```require 1 ```YELLOW crystals``` + 1 ```BLUE crystals```

```BLUE balls``` require 3 ```BLUE balls```


We input the amount of crystals Grisha currently possesses, followed by the amount of balls Grisha wants to make. The program later outputs the amount of crystals Grisha needs to create the balls she wants (sum of YELLOW and BLUE to fulfill the requirements)

My solution is to use two different counters, ```ballcounter1``` and ```ballcounter2``` (representing ```YELLOW crystals``` and ```BLUE crystals ``` respectively) and calculate how much crystals is missing to create all balls. 

For the yellow balls, I use the formula ```2*YELLOWBALLS+GREENBALLS``` because the amount of yellow crystals to create a yellow ball is 2, therefore ```YELLOWBALLS = 2*YELLOWCRYSTALS```. A yellowball is also required to create a green ball (in addition to a blue ball), so ```GREENBALL = YELLOWBALL``` (1 yellow crystal usage). Combining the two formulas together, we get ```(2*YELLOWBALLS + GREENBALLS)```.

As for the blue balls, the formula is similar used by the yellow crystals. A blue ball requires 3 blue crystals to make, therefore the formula is ```BLUEBALL = 3*BLUECRYSTALS```. A blue ball is also required to create a green ball, so the formula is ```GREENBALL = BLUEBALL```. Thus, the formula to get the missing number of blue crystals is ```(3*BLUEBALLS + GREENBALLS)```.

We calculate each required crystals individually and sum the two ball counters to get the value we need (remaining amount of crystals needed).

Additional notes:

* I used ```long long``` to declare the variables because Codeforces tests the program using really long numbers such as ```12345678```, ```87654321```, ```1000000000```, etc. Using ```int``` or just ```long``` results in a memory overload error according to the testing diagnostics.
* Actual formula for green balls = ```GREENBALL = YELLOWCRYSTAL + BLUECRYSTAL```. I seperated the formula into two (yellow and blue) for convenience purposes

---------------------------------------------
Problem 988 A - Diverse Team

Submission link: http://codeforces.com/contest/988/submission/42466488

Explanation:

The question asks us to create a program in which we first input the amount of students, desired team size. Then we input the ratings for each individual student for n times (```n``` = amount of students). The program will later output whether a team can be formed based on the team size and student ratings (no team member shares the same rating). If a valid team can be formed, the program will output ```YES``` followed by the student number (```n```th student, ```n``` = valid student). Else, output ```NO```.

My solution to this problem uses a combination of array and stacks (data structures). First, I declare ```struct node``` and basic push, pop, and print functions which will be used when the program runs in the ```main``` function.

In the ```main``` function, first I declare the stack which is empty at the beginning (```struct node *top = NULL```), number fo students, desired team size, and student rating. The program will ask users to input the number of students and team size. Then we input the rating for each individual student.

Now the program will look for duplicates in the rating array ```studentrating```. Using two ```for``` loops, we compare two different values ```studentrating[p]``` and ```studentrating[q]```. We compare array values in position ```p``` with ```q```. Position ```q``` is always ahead of ```p```, therefore, the comparison formula is ```studentrating[p] == studentrating[q+1]```. ```q``` loop will perform ```number_of_students``` times, comparing the current value at array position ```p``` with all values ahead of it before ```p``` adds by 1 (compare position ```p+1``` with q). Repeat untul the whole array is traversed. If any duplicates were found, the value found in ```studentrating[q]``` will be replaced by 0 to mark that the value in the array is a duplicate/invalid. Loop length = ```(number_of_students-1)*(q-number_of_students-1)```

Once we set all duplicates to 0, the program will enter another ```for``` loop which will insert all non-duplicate students (the ```n```'th student, not their ratings) into the stack. 

```
top = (struct node*)malloc(sizeof(struct node));
top->next = NULL;                
top->data = x+1;            
validmembercount++;  
```

By default, the first student in the group is always valid since their duplicates further in the array (if there are any) will set to zero. The stack is empty at first, so we declare the stack into the memory and insert student 1 into the stack. The valid member count increases as a result. The loop progresses, if ```studentrating[x]``` is not 0, we push value ```x``` into the stack and increase the valid member count. Continue looping until the whole array has been traversed (looping time = depends on the number of students)

Finally, we check whether a valid team can be formed depending on the ratings and the desired team size. To determine it, we check the valid member count. If it is higher or equal to the team size, we output ```YES``` and proceed to print out the stack. If the valid member count exceeds the team size, the program will pop ```validmembercount - teamSize``` numbers from the stack (using a ```for```loop, loop length = ```validmembercount - teamSize```) so that the amount of numbers in the stack equals to the team size. If the valid member count is less than the desired team size, output ```NO```.

Additional notes:

* I used stacks because my previous attempts using arrays always result in the program outputting some weird random numbers, should've checked properly I guess ^_^
* ```validmembercount``` starts with 0 by default
* All array sizes depends on the user inputs
